 He was like, "Number one urine. "Number two shit?
 This is what she does. She scrunches up her body, and then she whispers, she goes, "I have to go to the bathroom."
 "I had too many coffees." "Whoa, Sue, great labia, my God."
 The woman, she walked over to the bar, she opened the front door of the bar and she yelled inside. She went, "All we wanted was some chips!"
 Standard. And then she said, "I am."
 And I was like, "Yeah, you should be. I mean, you have nothing else.
 Stop." And she goes, "You promise?"
 I would not call you stupid for that. I would only call you stupid if you read your horoscope.
 Right. Go for your dreams.
 I come back. My brain must have hit a Xanax black hole, because my friend Brian was like, "Dude, where the fuck have you been?"
 Except for Salvia. That shit sucks!
 Okay? It works in every language.
 Yeah. I like to think that this is the first draft of the TLC song "Scrubs".
 Your dad had sex with your mom. Your mom went down on your dad.
 Okay, so Jesus was a carpenter, right? So, he flipped houses and renovated bathrooms and shit.
 You know what I believe in? Live, laugh, love.
 "Yeah, just get in the Dumpster. Sorry."
 And he went in there to prepare her. My sisters are waiting in the hall and he was in there for a while.
 What is wrong with you? How could you eat a perfectly fuckable pig."
 Really? You made this instead of killing yourself?
 Twenty one, she gets the rest of my money. Just blow me to my grave and keep the change.
 He said, "Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?" I said, "No, but I eat her pussy with it."
 You know the rules of basketball. You showed up to the gym that day expecting to play another child at basketball.
 I did write that joke before the election, when this was all still funny to me. I mean, that joke is still funny, but everything else is a waking nightmare.
 This feels more like we all got on a train that we thought was going uptown. And instead of stopping, it very suddenly started going 800 miles an hour.
 Because I walk in there confident. I walk in there with the confidence that I imagine people who floss have when they go to the dentist.
 This economy is really effecting everyone. That is a joke, but the other day my therapist had a bandaid on and I was like, Should we cancel?
 The only reason why I wanna workout is so my pants will fit. If you get me in spandex, we did it.
 And I was like, No, I do not. And he got this look on his face that told me that what he was thinking was, but I can see you.
 An icebreaker is like, Oh, when did you get married? And ice thickener is like, Oh, why did you get married?
 There are some things that are better about being in a relationship. Seesaws.
 I definitely told him that I loved his dick first. And then about three months passed and then I said it to the rest of his body.
 Because I wanted to be the bigger person. I wanted to be supportive, go watch him accept that invisible diploma.
 Are the nerds back? Anyway.
 What happened was I ate at a restaurant that gave me food poisoning everyday for years. And then one day I tried the pasta and it was fine.
 I know I have to say that because people have come up to me after shows and been like, Oh my god, how did you come up with that? No.
 I am also fine with racial humi. Like I brought it up.
 También. Los dos.
 What do you think? Remember cuando me salieron los granos?"
 Chinga! You made me come to the doctor, and fucking now I got prostate cancer."
 Bigger chichis than everybody in the family at 11. "Hey, tetas, come out here."
 My grandma said, "Wait a minute. Fucking do you have it or do I?"
 Shh!" "The alphabet backwards?"
 "Yeah. We pet him until he died."
 Thank you. Someone said to me, "You look young from far away."
 "Wow! I did not see that coming."
 I fell down. I used to trip.
 Do you remember those conversations? "Ryan, Grandma fell."
 What they actually communicated was, "I wish my camera was on for that. That was spectacular."
 I said, "Maybe we should date." She very kindly, as gingerly as humanly possible, said, "Maybe we should not date."
 Went on a website, I bought every N95 I saw. I spent 20 grand on N95s.
 Thank you, God. Turn this way, my son was like, "Oh, yeah."
 I love hot and humid. It was so hot down there one time, I seen a squirrel putting talcum powder on his nuts.
 I went in for a physical, dropped my underbritches, three mushrooms fell out. All right?
 You know. Celery, carrots, lettuce.
 Let me ask you this. Have you ever cared about anything in your entire life?
 They gave a guy three minutes to live in there. And he ended up getting hired as a door greeter once he walked out that door.
 Daggum. Normally I gotta get vaccinated before I go in there!
 Let me ask you something. Have you ever called somebody the wrong name for about five years?
 You know what was cool about it? After the concert was over, true story, I got to go in the lobby and take a picture with all the cardboard cutouts of the original members.
 The fried foods. Anybody ever have fried Lipitor?
 I mean, she was a looker. You could tell.
 It looks like I won you a goldfish over there!" The fish right there.
 Then I hear, "Ugh! That guy sucks!"
 You know what he did? Went down and registered as a sex offender.
 You Google it. I think I still hold the state record for taking the most shits in the woods.
 So I go get a biopsy on it. Tested positive for picante sauce.
 Except one time, I did. I found out that jock itch is also the name of a porn star in France.
 What in the hell? I mean, even Jiffy Lube puts out coffee and donuts.
 Make love every day. She says stuff like, uh, "You okay?"
 Get off." Making love to my wife is like having a stroke with a happy ending.
 Hey, everybody. This is Larry, the Cable Guy."
m. for them to come in.
 Yes! The Donald has scored!
 Nice. Scooter, what is happening?
 Do what? Do what?
 Wow. Where do you put your clothes?
 Maybe we should give her a raise. A raise would be great.
 Incredible! Ice water in the veins.
 Some kids were like, "an astronaut," or "a firefighter." I was like, "I want to be white."
 What are you into?" I was like, "What?"
 "You should do that. You should follow your dreams."
 The night this airs, friends send me text messages. "Hey, man, by any chance do you know how many pizza sliders you get in a box for just ten bucks?"
 Walk in there and just own it. Be like this, be like this."
 Room for cream?" I go, "No, I want it to be pulled over for no reason at all."
 I would hold your applause until you hear the joke. You may not want to applaud at the end.
 Are we still cheering, buddy? Sorry.
 Does that make sense? We took a family trip this summer.
 Pinch runner! Pinch runner!"
 Happening." God, I love that fucking answer.
 They say anything over 20 drinks makes you an alcoholic. Bullshit.
 He unstraps him. They get in their Honda Civic, and they fucking drive.
 No, fuck that. Sunsets are ruined because you cunts all want to do yoga poses while I stand back here, going, "Did I do a good photo?"
 And he thought about it and he went, "Two ribs!" And I went, "Yeah."
 "All right." When you should really go, "Thank fuck you came along, cunt.
 Then you get a rabbit. Then you get a cat, then you get a dog, then you get a primate, then you get a homeless person, a student, then us.
 And he rocks up with this fucking thing with the dome. He carried all the other food, but this thing needs a trolley.
 Everything else he said in English, and then he had to say fucking fromage. Fuck that cunt.
 We got another couple of courses, they have two dessert courses. One of the courses, the dessert courses, might as well have just been called "lactose."
 Taron Edgerton, or Egerton, or whatever, he played Elton John and Eddie the Eagle. Two of the ugliest cunts that have ever lived.
 It could be five minutes, it could be five hours, but there was an amount of time where you were desperate to do a shit. Then you get to within 12 feet of the toilet.
 Then he shakes his cock, puts it away, goes back, lies down. Now, this is the bit that fucking kills me.
 My mom comes in, and she does that thing that parents do when they have no words. She walks in, just to see the urine in the middle, and she went like this, "Why?
 When you get sick, what does the doctor give you? Antibiotic.
 How is that a fact? Son, what color is plain yogurt?
 Well in 10,000 years, those humans are going to look at us and go, what the fuck were those? Well, so because of evolution and my own ego, I thought that I was evolving at a faster rate than you.
 What did you do? He goes, I attached your nose.
 I said, what? And I walked out.
 Are you happy with that? Absolutely.
 I love them. You like them so much you dress up as them.
 I just want to see the white people get preserved. Because if white people go missing, who the fuck are we going to blame?
 Uncle. Car chase went up to at least two kilometers an hour.
 And I cut her off and I go namaste. And she goes, vanakkam.
 She goes, vanakkam. I said, did you just say vanna come?
 I try to explain to people the difference between North and South. North, taller, lighter skin, bigger features, more body hair, not that bright.
 But this is something a little bit morbidly ironic. My grandmother, she was a cancer, and she was actually killed by a giant crab.
 He had puns and quips and tons of trips with sons with ships, with nuns with hips and buns and lips, but I have something that Shakespeare never had. Penicillin.
 And the truth is, there is. White people.
 Shit out of your eyes. Do that.
  Fuck  those dinners. A lot of you guys are probably on those dinners right now.
 If I could distill love down into one moment, this right here would be the moment of love right here. " fucking  move."
 A frigid, freezing cold dick and my mouth is bleeding. "Thank you, bitch."
 So, you know. I asked her to marry me.
 Whatever. Mistakes are scarier than monsters.
 You a gargoyle? " Fuck  off."
 He bought me pants. Yeah.
 At least I get to talk to a girl about it, right? My buddy leans in and says, "You know, I bought them for him."
 Am I Rachel, too? I want to buy a bunny and then kill it.
 He just did it harder. He was like, " fucking , come on."
 But I did want one. I mean, they looked so  fucking  good.
 You did this shit? What, are you  fucking  telepathic?
 This is the weirdest thing ever, man. You go on a cruise, you meet every employee.
 Yeah, she wrote a book. She wrote a book about not having a job.
 "Chapter One, how to know if a d!ck tastes presidential.
 I think I was raped. Career over!"
 Yeah! And this is my story!
 Just flicked me right on the head of my d!ck and kept walking!
 Like, literally make her leave her shoes. You know?
 There she is. Flick her in the box.
 You know, when I was a kid, I had a paper route and I was an altar boy. You know?
 And he had a tool belt on, and it just sort of pulled him under. And she ran out, she grabbed his foot, and she was pulling and pulling, and his boot came off, and she sat down, and she just watched him slowly drown.
 Yeah. That was Christmas, and those were people that loved me.
 Crush all of that.  All she has on me is who I am as a person .
 You repeat it at a party. People think you read!
 The Queen comes down here and sits in a box and watches the show!" You know what I heard about you guys?
 Whatever it is you do. Right?
 Oh, my God! Why would you just save me?"
 I said, "Hey, Ms. Tina, how you doing?
 Yes. It feel like a hard dick.
 Have I celebrated?" "Did you celebrate?"
 I said, "No. I went to my next job trying to get an Emmy for that motherfucker."
 "Gotta call you back. Bye!"
 She used to talk about Sinbad all the time, right? So when he called me, my first thought was, "I should fuck Sinbad, get pregnant, and make my mama babysit."
 Get some foster kids or something like that." He said, "Well, you let me know.
 You know, Drake is my son. Heh."
 So I went home. I put mayonnaise on my cuckoo.
 Just ask me, just like, like I owe them. Like, wait, hold up, bitch.
 Pop! That land on your thighs.
 "Aah!" And I laughed.
 Ask me right now!" "Mom, do you know where your keys are?"
 And, Thanksgiving. Remember Thanksgiving everybody?
 I feel bad for the guys that hold those dogs at the airport. Always the bridesmaid, never the bride.
 How do you want me to do that?" And someone was like, "Fucking hold this dog."
 "You guys want to see something cool? "Sometimes I push real deep on his stomach and he goes fucking nuts."
 Be like, "Keep going! You might find another one!"
 Like, "What is? What are you fucking serpent people making?"
 I ate my edible and played video games. Like a man who lives with a roommate.
 I was like, "Hey, buddy! Can you not handle your shit?"
 A lot of conflicting energies. I ended up losing my shit in a field.
 No, those have soul.  EDM  is just robots tricking you into dancing.
 I did it enough that I was laughing hard enough that I dropped my body wash, then when I picked up my body wash I was like, "Oh, shit. This is gonna be my new mistake noise."
 You cannot have a good day after that. You know how many times that guy heard me make that noise?
 "Shut the fuck up!" That guy definitely has a real job.
 I want a wild card. Best sex I ever had in my life, I had to watch my wallet the entire time.
 They knew me better than I knew myself. It took three decades for my palate to develop.
 Fifteen years old, I was taking the PSATs. You know exactly what kind of chair I was in.
 Cirrhosis is the Parrot Head way out. My dad literally wasted away in Margaritaville.
 Now, do I have a joke about murdering her? Yeah.
 Just fucking die." Yeah.
 She let me think I outsmarted her. But it also makes sense why every night before dinner my mom was always like, "Let me guess, you want milk?"
 I tried other catchphrases. I tried, "That sounded dirty."
 Wait a minute. No, of course the biscuit turns into Jesus.
 What does that feel like? You want to impress me, you have feet that look like shoes.
 "Why do I like that so much? I just shit myself."
 Did he shit his pants?" Only a little bit.
 One of us. One of us.
 Thanks. Thanks, gullible stoner in the second row.
 It was like, "Hey, mister, I want to go to the peep show." I had the hat with the little propeller on it and everything.
 And he got this close, and this is exactly what happened. He went, "Hello, mate."
 She said, "Oh, is it?" "Will he need a footbag, Doctor?"
 I was like, "Oh, yes!" And because I got mine done in Hollywood, it was, you know, letterbox format, score by Danny Elfman, surprise cameo by Gwyneth Paltrow.
 Lifted, 2003! Brand new, 2003.
 Dress nice. "Okay, dress nice."
 "Slipper!" Always, "Slipper."
 This how you get there. You just go down Kaleakalakaka.
 "Sorry, sorry! Sorry, sorry."
 That. Dude?"
 And they always come up to me and say the same shit at the end of my show. They always go, "Hey fucker."
 What do you guys have? Quincea?era, debut.
 Stop being sensitive. Go fuck yourselves!
 Who gives a shit? Not all Filipinos are nurses, but a lot of you motherfuckers are.
 You know what she puts in it? Snacks.
 Put it in the purse. Go!
 You know what "get extra" means? Steal!
 Go, go back in there." "God, how many do you need?"
 "The other pocket! Fill it!"
 Millennial? Pussies!
 Man, go fuck yourself. Are you kidding me?
 Ha? What?
 School to house. Where the fuck did you lose it?
 "You never know, Joseph." "No, I know."
 Top just ripped open. Inside that bag was a coffee mug with a broken handle.
 I want the world to know that right now. This is an ancient fucking secret.
 "How much water, Joe?" Well, you touch the top of the rice with this finger right here, and fill it up with water till it hits that fucking line right there.
 "What is this? Hello?"
 I remember one time, I was hiding in the closet, and she walked by and I scared her. Jumped out, "Ba!"
 You sit there till I tell you to come out. Sit there."
 I let my son know. Like, "Joe, I know what you did in there."
 Shit. Malcolm.
 Does everything have to be a joke?" And I was like, "Well, you made fun of my hair.
 Now he has to play his own cards. I had a small dick and it worked.
 See? Laughing hard at the big black dick joke.
 It works. It fucking works.
 Hey! Still mad about that small dick thing?"
 What, Dad? What could you possibly tell me?"
 You got a small dick? Good credit make your dick grow ten inches.
 "Yeah! Oh, my God!"
 "There it is, bitch. You feel that shit?"
 Just balls, Jo. Just balls."
 Motherfucker! Motherfucker!
 "Shut up, big pussy." "No!"
 Builder. Speed should have told me that.
 You know, I never feel comfortable. Always looking through that strange doughnut hole.
 "Happy birthday, sort of, kind of squished up here." And then right across the diagonal it says, "Take trash to dump."
 Well, in addition to the OCD, I also have  a little social anxiety . But I force myself to go to parties and stuff, but there are things people do that bug me.
 So I decided to make a lighthearted joke. So I said, "Oh, how do animals do on the SAT test?"
 "What about the beavers?" "What about the beavers?"
 She said,  "What about the honeybees?"  So I looked at my script.
 "What about them?" "What about the honeybees?"
 Whoo! What a story.
 "Bing! Nope!"
 "Just make sure you never order mushrooms." All right, let me explain the problem.
 "Because this appears to be endless." "Get some science jugs and fill those babies up, because I have hit the moisture mother lode."
 "I have enough time. I have enough time to do that crime."
 "Yeah, I know." "People are smarter than animals."
 "Orchestra." "Pit!"
 "Get down in the pit!" "Get in the pit!"
 There are many occupations in this world. And how come none of the others have taken on this added task?
 "I stuck the pipes in a bag!" "Bagpipes."
 "Stick your elbow more in the bag. Everybody knows that."
 You know it. Any of you know how to eat barbecue like this?
 "Of course!" She talking about, "Thank you, CeeLo!"
 Great time to be a man, right? The bar is nice and low.
 "Well, your pussy stinks." And I was like, all right, we got a match on our hands here.
 I just told a room full of people I got roofied. I did not see one concerned face in here.
 Of course you want to get fucked up. Have you tried living?
 That should be part of the background check for guns, right? You want this gun, you better be chatty.
 They did. They also had wigs.
 Connected to tubes for three months? Would you rather go out like a G?
 Do I wake him up and piss him off? Or do I mount?
 It was a  Godfather II   Fredo kiss . I said, "I knew it was you."
 I said, "Hey, can I drink on these?" And he said, "Absolutely."
 He texted me the other day, "Yo, what the fuck is up?" And I was like what medical school did you go to?
 I went to the bathroom. I knock on the door, and the guy in the bathroom yells out, "Who is it?"
 I read a headline in the paper that said graveyard worker had sex with over 100 dead bodies, and my first thought was that is a lot of digging. You know?
 I said, "Ah, I had this breakup." He said, "Let me tell you some about breakups," and the second he said that, I thought I might have fucked up.
 "You think that helped?" And I said, "No," and he said, "It did."
 "You think that helped?" and I said, "God, no," and he said, "It did."
 I was like, "Do you think that was helpful for me at all?" and he said, "Probably not," and I said, "It was."
 "Hopefully get the guy I got. "He loves to fuck."
 and you get a little Korean guy? Like, oh, this might be a nice quiet ride.
 It feels like a marriage. Neither of you are trying at all.
 Hitler might have had a strong Twitter presence. Trapped in bunker, sad.
 I came across the article the other day on the internet. Just said fun facts about Hitler, which I think is a great title.
 So, I turn around. As I turn around, he grabs me by the shoulder, takes a pint glass, and smashes it over my head, and I thought, I poorly read that situation.
 and I said, "It could have been a pint glass, "it could have been a menorah. "It happened very quickly, okay?"
 So, I asked, "You work for the bar?" He said, "No," and I said, "Are you a vigilante of some sort?"
 "The Snowflake?" And he said, "I go by  The White Knight ."
 In parentheses, Joshua. That made me very happy.
 I said, "Uh, sure. How about this one?"
 And a rectum of fig. That sounds delicious."
 Stand next to him! Embarrass that dude!"
 So he stole a bunch of money from your mom and he tries to fight you whenever you go back to New Jersey? I can relate."
 That was fucking hilarious." "There is somebody hilarious in this house."
 F as in deaf. R as in fart."
 Cool, that worked. All right.
 Just  like , "Okay, bitches, we do need to keep this area clear. Thank you, bitches."
 The sun. And the next thing you know, I had eaten the whole peel and the label."
 Yeah, yeah. Look at this guy.
 Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
 We impeached him. "Fuck!"
 "Wow! Who did he blow, Putin?"
 "Really?" He waved at Stevie Wonder.
 "Did we get him?" Almost.
 How about this? A Nazi!"
 So I weighed my backpack. And then  she was like , "Now you."
 I really appreciate it. Thank you."
 Oh, they go to Pace. Whatever.
 Without even thinking, booked the flight. Did you know, when you book a flight to Utah, there is a layover in Denver?
 No clothes. To the death.
 Yeah! The Fear Factor guy just hit you with a fucking math quiz!
 A drawing. Some guy went there and drew it.
 We go right, left, dumb, smart. We give everybody a chance.
 I think he should be punished. But!
 You could wait tables in this town for 20 years and never catch a break. Or you give the nice lady what she wants.
 Aah! Aah!
 Nobody cares about boys that have to eat pussy. No one cares.
 No one cares. No one feels bad.
 "Man, I had to eat pussy for it." "You gonna be okay?"
 He had a jacket on, a shirt, a tie, and pants. And Megyn Kelly was wearing what would best be described as a vagina curtain.
 What if that was the case with dudes? What if we had a window in our pants, we could just see the shaft?
 Fuck off!" And every dog would be like, "Whoa, Jesus."
 What? Four?
 Confusion. "Do I love you?"
 I was like, "Aah!" What have I done?
 I like it, mix it up. Who gives a shit?
 If you love animals, just shoot that cat right in the fucking head. That thing eats 200 animals a year.
 They do that little cunt nod. You know that thing that people do?
 Fluffers is the newest member of our family!" The dog just starts calculating, like, "Okay, okay.
 I really do. I think  we all need Jesus .
 I want to talk to him forever. He sounds totally legit."
 We got to stop doing this. Start doing this.
 You want bigger dicks than us? You want all the money?
 But if I say anything even remotely critical about women, people will get really mad. Watch.
 Women invented, like, 40 things ever. And it was all shit they needed.
 "Write it down. Write it down."
 Hold my cologne. You want to do this?"
 This is ridiculous. God, the pain."
 Couple biceps, some chest. I start beading, I get the hell out of the gym.
 Now he starts side skipping. Oh, my God.
 What is this? A bowling alley?"
 This is not a ride through Central Park. This is a stationary bike."
 Change? This is you."
 My father would walk right in my house, look right in my eyes, "Hey, drunk? Fucked up?
 "You drink? You drink a little?"
 You hear it on the news all the time. "We had no idea."
 She would come downstairs with a towel. She was like, "Hey, I found this in your room.
 And my wife starts going into labor. I go, "Wait, where is everybody?"
 Now, I feel a sense that I have to protect. I feel like a lion in the Serengeti.
 Turn it down. Turn it down.
 Could you come back? I mean, is this the right time?
 Everything is a duet. This is not how my father and mother worked it.
 Man, the outfits. I like a onesie.
 Now, I had grandparents that lived 52 years in the United States. Not one word of English, nothing.
 Put on your mouthpiece. We could lose our teeth on this."
 Go back. Go back.
 I took a nap. You built a whole deck?"
 I got no floor, no ceiling. Nothing.
 What it was gonna look like. You were wrong.
 Nothing wrong with adoption. With adoption, you can  shop before you buy .
 It was about that wide and about that long. It looked like a map of the country of Chile.
 You know, she got weak. She fell to the hunger.
 Truly, it really was. And then within seven years, we were using that to fuck."
 Not chasing the dragon like a lot of people. "Maybe that eighth one will be good."
 Thank you very much. Thank you."
 "Thank you, honey. Oh, thank you."
 So, excuse me. I need to get in.
 Tell me about this nightmare." "Dinosaurs.
 "Chasing me. Chasing me."
 Come on. Come on."
 You want something extra, do something extra. Huh.
 You knocked that over. See what happens?"
 Somebody twisted an ankle. All of a sudden, "See what happens?"
 We just offer the midnight special. We have a midnight special.
 You cook it. You cook it."
 You cook it. You cook it."
 Why you stay here so long? We have other customer."
 You should keep it. Keep her for a little while."
 Thank you." "Please."
 Jen Aniston has dry eye. We know that now.
 Where do you get your protein? Why do you care where I get my protein?
 "These are good. These are good.
 And when I married Portia, she had a little ladder. So I have a step ladder, but I love it just the same, I do.
 Trees have leaves. I should leave him."
 They must be between movies." I grow my shit out, "He must be between homes."
 And this dud went in and left his car running. I was like, "This n i g g a, here?"
 Nigeria. They payed me so much money, I thought they purchased me.
 Goddammit, Carl. Fuck!
 Walked into jail, "Free goes your man." "N i g g a!"
 Domestic violence, both of you got a black eye. "Go to bed."
 I said, "Argh!" Argh!
 Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
 This is not safe for us." Bitch, you are the guard dog!
 I shitted all on myself. Get me the hell out of here."
 I got an app on my phone that just says, "Run, n i g g a, run!" Oh, shit!
 Believe in yourself." Sounds like Oprah started the app, or something.
 Can I touch the sphygmomanometer?" And I was like, "Which one is that?"
 Just driving around the country. The sexual tension would be amaziiiiiiing!
 The Nation loves bacon. All right."
 He actually said to a newspaper, "Being president is harder than I thought it was going to be."
 Yeah, no shit, man!
 Jeffrey Lord, one time, said, Donald Trump is the Martin Luther King Jr. of health care.
 Some white man, on Twitter, tweeted this out. He had a blue check mark, so he was an actual white man.
 It never comes up. No, I have no fucking idea how much I weigh.
 I knew this was one of those private school Negroes. I knew this shit."
 That was an actual tweet. Of course, the difference being that the Holocaust happened and Santa has never existed.
 What did you pass up in your homes? Any movie?
 She just got here! Where was she?
 I knew it was my baby. My baby looks so much like me, it feels impolite.
 You look for your cat, you hide from your dog. Does that make sense?
 You can send it down one leg. You can curl it up like a Cinnabon.
 Like, she had to  meet my parents . What do you do?
 Just sit there. Nothing is being asked of you, just fucking remain.
 "You know what else makes no sense? Fucking this."
 "Makes about as much sense as the fucking conundrum "I was just stuck in. Pass the gravy."
 If we were all just hanging out in some sort of primordial area, just debating the existence of life. Just like, "You believe in life?"
 Yeah! The little nibbles!"
 Keep your eyes open but picture an orange. The fuck?
 Ready? Go.
 "Yes." "Ohhhhh!"
 Enjoy it. Three more years.
 The old wipe and look. He goes wipe, wipe, wipe, and then he goes, "Oh, I got some work ahead of me."
 I was like, "Give or take, thousands?" My mom had her own exit strategy just in case some shit went wrong with Dad, apparently.
 No one wants to be here all night. Now, listen.
 See? I do care.
 They were licking the pole for iron. It was so sad.
 It looks like all the odd number rocky movies. Yeah, just defeated.
 "Are you enjoying that home, you whore? I built that deck!"
 That was excellent. That was like ice capades, synchronized.
 Easy joke. Wow.
 Thank you. Are you having fun?
 I mean, they come at ya diagonally." Anybody, chess?
 "Oh, shit. Huddle up, guys."
 Mr. Uncomfortable and his woman over here, right?
 Right, give it everything. Like, from head to toe, from head lice to ingrown toenails and everything in between.
 Now, our nurse, Nurse Barb, retired two years ago. Which is a good thing because she was, like, two years younger than Jesus, okay?
 Not only do I get a smear but I also get a cultural experience. I love it."
 So she closes the curtain. But she stays in there with me.
 She then takes it and biffs it on the desk, and I take my kit off and I hop on the table. Now, the protocol when going for a smear is you, the patient, must stare at the wall.
 She came back in a flash. She had a smaller speculum.
 To my wife, not to a stranger. I go, "Come."
 You love cake? Fucking give me more cake.
 Yeah. Of course you do.
 So you watch it again. You go, "Fuck, we are beautiful.
 Like you get them any other way. "We give them these really angry personal trainers to yell at them all day and make them exercise and then vomit up those carrot sticks."
 You know what the hardest thing of my day is? Lining up my nipples.
 Always the exit row. I go, "No, thanks."
 You get that tap out. A hundred percent of the time, the hole always faces there.
 I always go, "Just your good self, doll." And then what I do is I wash the labels off old wine bottles, and then I fill it with box wine.
 Where did you get this one?" And I always go, "On my travels."
 You approach with your teeth, like a hot potato, so you can breathe through the back of it. Like, get some air on that thing.
 Like, I bought them, no one, as I got to the door, went, "Hey. Have you used those before?"
 As you walk out, they go, "Oh, one more thing. Just so you know, those shoes?
 Just walking it out. I fell over so slowly, my wife had time to walk around the car, look at me and go, "What are you doing?"
 I read the article, good on her. And then I had a brain fart and I clicked on the comments section.
 There are houses on the North Circular. Who lives on a dual carriageway?
 Get the perfect distance away. Take off old pants, put new pants on!
 The waiter is waiting for your verdict. "Yes."
 "John West Tuna. Nice to meet you."
 "I want a phone from you." "You look very different on the TV, sir."
 "Just pop your dressing gown on from the cupboard and your slippers, "and make your way down to the spa in the basement." Now, if I was stressed beforehand, I was certainly stressed after I had got lost and wandered into a conference in my dressing gown.
 You tell stories. Nobody tells stories anymore."
 Pacino, this is one of the greatest moments of my life. Please keep talking till I come."
 And he goes, "Oh! I know a lot about acting," and I was like, "Yeah you do."
 I turn to him, I go, "Yeah! "Chest bump!"
 He cheated, though, he cheated! His mom ran in front of him holding a marshmallow the entire time backwards.
 If you knock over my beer, okay, that is a my bad moment. If you drag your cock across my forehead, you owe me a God damn Hallmark card.
 I was scared, I went to one of those sporting good stores and I bought one of those soccer flags. And I just duct taped that shit to my back.
 This does not concern you. Gentlemen, when you are in a public bathroom,  stay the fuck away from my urinal .
 He turned around, and this is exactly what he did, no exaggeration. He just turns around and goes, "No fucking way."
 If I ever go to a bathroom and I see one of you tall fucks and you are using my urinal, I will go full R. Kelly on your leg, all right?
 No one else would do that ever. A black guy would never wear a jersey that says cops.
 I love Asian people right now. Because two weeks ago, yes, two weeks ago, my Asian buddy called me up and he asked me for help to fix his iPhone.
 "You need to help me right now. "I am telling you one thing, now more than ever, "I am in desperate need of customer service."
 No, I mean I hate these people, all right? If you are one of these people that gets offended on behalf of another group, eat a bag of dicks.
 The Robert Downey Jr.  Tropic Thunder  surgery is real!
 He looks and sees me and just goes. "Worth it!"
 Are you kidding me? No, I like to watch black dudes have sex with Asian women because for once in my life when a dick goes in a vagina, I would like to hear, "Ow."
 You got to be sensitive. You got to be very careful, you got to be like, "Alright, here we go, here we go."
 Dad got mad, picked me up, put me on the counter, called in my sister, was like, "Hey Katie, Katie, Katie, "come here, check it out, look what I got. "Elf on a shelf."
 Yeah, no, I googled that. Yeah.
 This was like, 15 months ago. We here it at Oh, Hello feel this did not get enough attention at the time.
 That is so chivalrous of you. You need to lose like seven pounds.
 Jesus Christ! Again with our character differences?
 The world just passes me by. Like I have a clipboard for gay rights.
 Right? No, because just generally, I find that what white people want to do on vacation, is what black people are trying to escape.
 This is horrible. Can we take a selfie?
 He was all hospitable, like, "Yes, thank you. Thank you."
 There was something about it. This snake looked like it had a mortgage.
 Now, that should be the end of the story, the craziest part of the story. No, this is the middle.
 He said, "For my aides, Trevor." I said, "You have AIDS?"
 Nothing. Only potatoes.
 And so we drove for about 20 minutes. To what I thought was going to be a restaurant.
 "You know, man. For the mess afterwards?"
 So much stress. Now I love tacos.
 I said, "Yeah, go ahead, my friend." He said, "Trevor, I just want to know, when Donald Trump says all these horribly racist things, do you sometimes just want to pack it up, leave America, go back to South Africa and escape all this racism?"
 "Where are they from?" "I think they from Cleveland?"
 And then we send it back." And I was like, "What?"
 Have you ever seen like old film from the past? Of people just like waving at a ship?
 Yeah! Get it, son, yeah!
 Anyone remember that? Thank god for Covid.
 I had to have a whole town meeting about how noisy I was being in the cornfield. It was so embarrassing.
 You ever seen that old footage? How did they look?
 It was crazy. Her face was looking like, "He might be right."
 Trump getting coronavirus was like when  Freddie Mercury  got AIDS. Nobody was like, "Well, how did he get it?"
 Some good coverage. Helicopter picked him up.
 "No, because these people make fun of other people." "Oh, you mean like having friends?"
 He was a man most acquainted with misery. He could look at a child and guess the price of their coffin.
 But why are you calling me?" And he said, "Because you should be concerned."
 And my wife was rubbing my shoulders, which was very nice of her, but then she started singing to herself. "Monkey, monkey, monkey man."
 Yes!" I pitched him a joke and he went, "Not funny!"
 And they did. Have you ever seen old film from the past of people just  waving at a ship ?
 Ever walk into the park with your betrothed and it starts to rain, but you still want to hold hands? Well, may I introduce you to, and my condolences again to everyone, the gazebo!"
 I go, "Hey, how come you opened the door for the horse?" And they go, "Well, the hospital was inefficient!"
 My wife is Jewish . I know all that, how do you know all that?"
 He takes it, he scans it, he says, "Do you have a  Best Buy Rewards card ?" And I said, "No, I wish!"
 And my wife was like, "We should have Petunia in the middle where Jesus is, in front of the turkey." And I was like, "Wait, what did you just say?"
 I said, "No. We all know that."
 And my wife looked at the floor. And then she looked at me and said, "Thanksgiving."
 She goes, "You look just like the cook." I go, "Get the hell outta here."
 Gamble it for me." "All right."
 What the hell? Nine months later, she gave birth to a little smokey.
 It was freezing, my dog licked himself and got his tongue stuck. It was freezing, I had to wipe with an ice scraper.
 "How do you know?" "Watch."
 You can even move them. Like, one day a letter flew off and it said "Fuffy".
 I got recognized!" And she said, "Ah!"
 "Want me to text you?" Never mind.
 And we get to my space, which is basically an orange cone that has "Fluffy" handwritten on it. And a bunch of other names crossed off.
 He is so sweet. I cannot believe he was charged with double murder."
 Yeah, what? "Hit that while I hit this."
 Snoop has me by at least five inches. Shut up, alright?
 What?" "Dad, would it be okay if I finish smoking that with Snoop?"
 Punch in "Snoop Dogg", next to that put "Fluffy" or "Gabriel" and you can see the whole thing. Let me know how it turns out.
 I felt horrible saying no to this guy. I still think about it.
 What about this one? Bebé, where would you like to eat?
 Why do we got to go to Burger King? Burger King gives me chorro."
 We get back home and I ask him, "Hey, how do you feel?" "Horny."
 How do you want to do this? Heads or tails?"
 Especially whenever I get into fights with my girl and she says something like, "Oh, you think you can do better?" I know I can have a Lexus.
 He can say whatever he wants. At the end of the day, he still has to drive around the king of the Mexicans.
 "Hey! Somebody help me get him back in the water."
 And I can hear my friends in line. "Fuck!"
 És el Chente." Holding a shot of tequila that she never drank.
 Oh, yeah. Right next to the Ford.
 I flipped it open. Hmm!
 I forgot the joke. Hold on.
 You guys were saying the joke with me like it was a song. Like it was the Mexican version of Freebird.
 "Yeah!" Are you here by yourself?
 "Tell Martin I said hi. I love you."
 Freaking two hours later. "Clear!"
 You know who falls? The skinny guy that got stuck next to us.
 Un momento. Por favor.
 Excuse me. What?"
 You know what I mean? They must be kind of just like, "No!
 We ignore them most of the time. Suddenly some fat couple from Ohio is just obsessed with a bird.
 "They got a divorce. I gotta bring two different costumes this year."
 Trusted. What an interesting word to use that is."
 "No. Just some other kid decided to piggyback, it was open."
 Like M always felt a little weird to me, and I just recently figured out what it is. I think M is very aggressive.
 Maybe, "Elephants Go Bald Daily. Fuck."
 And things that pray. People and mantises.
 Oh, yeah.  I find that my horoscope is a lot more accurate if I just live, like, less specifically.
 "What are you doing tomorrow?" "Making some choices."
 If I just keep my face down in the water. Kind of a rudder, I can steady my head.
 I just learned recently that your nose and your ears are the only parts of your body that keep growing through your adult life. And I was like, "You gotta be fucking kidding me."
 That was my story, I was gonna tell them that but you managed to give away the whole story before I can even speak. Back to you, motherfucker."
 "Yeah." "How about one that could sink?"
 Wow! Okay.
 "Yeah, he drowned in the Pacific Ocean." "No, he drowned on the Pacific Ocean.
  "How did your drinking water bit go?" "Oh, it went great, man.
 Congratulations, sir." Whatever they congratulate you when you die.
 Some facts that I just wanna share with you.
 It is safer to fly in a plane than it is to fly in a car.
 I was basically saying, "Get him! Hit him!"
 Good boy." I wonder if in the future, if  robots  will be such a regular part of our lives, it will be considered offensive to do "The Robot."
 "Good, fine." "Okay."
 I was like, "They touched your toast. He touched it, wiped his head with it, they passed it around the kitchen.
 See? They hate you.
 Thank you. Yeah.
 People are like, "Are you wearing lipstick?" "No, just the glow of a healthy diet."
 Not really. Nope.
 Hey, Dick, tell us, how do all those hot guys and gals look tonight? I can see their pussies!
 "Confederate Park? What?
 Make some noise. We can all feel safe tonight.
 You gonna believe that ass Tiger Woods. Tiger was in the police department, looking like a baby giraffe and shit.
 Not a riot, white people. White people just out there shaking they signs hard and shit.
 Goddamn, Trump. What the fuck is you fitting to do?
 Had hardwood floors, linoleum, Berber carpeting, central air conditioning, vending machines. They picked him up in a golf cart and took him to a burro.
 They asked Trump about the leaks. Trump said, "The leaks are real, but the news is fake."
 Shit." If you got Siri and Alexa, your ass is in a threesome.
 Look at the cougars. Rawr.
 You might have to fuck that b!tch in a rocking chair.
 If you can let your woman see your penis before it gets hard. You can walk right up to the bed, "You need anything out the kitchen?
 It was easier then, though. It was like horses and carts and that.
 The trial was last week. And he got the chair?
 And in Italian he says, "Can you do a flip?" And I was like, "Madonne!"
 Get the fucking lights off of him. He seems like a decent man.
 And bam. "Oh!"
 You get loose. I dedicate this song to the fucking drunk guy right there.
 I can go, "Oh, yes, definitely." You know?
 Yeah. You just got Sandoozled.
 Oh, my God. It fucking blew the ruler out of my hand."
 And she goes, "Yeah, I know. I heard."
 Get out of here! Take him away!
 This is the kind of a sweet song. I sing it to my wife, because she lets me talk about so many things in front of you people.
 Why? Because he wanted to get some diarrhea to eat for breakfast.
 Where should we go for dinner?" Gun range?
 Ladies spend ages  getting ready  for a night out. Not all of them, obviously.
 No good showing up now. No good showing up now.
 Is anyone here "allergic to nuts"? Would any of the women in here describe themselves as crack addicts?
 Well done. You tricked someone into fucking that!
 Bam! Secret time.
 I was sober that month. Getting a sober hand job is a lot like getting molested at camp.
 At it?" I go, "Dab for all I fucking care."
 We live in LA. So when they misbehave, we put them in the corner and urinate on them.
 You know. You still get hit.
 Black Friday. Or Brown Friday, as we call it.
 And I sat back going, "Done, son! Bitch wants pajamas, bitch got pajamas!"
 She opens the first pair. Pulls them out and just goes, "Oh, pajamas."
 "Wanted to show you how good my aim is." He looks at me without breaking a smile and goes, "Hey, buddy, your aim fucking sucks."
 I go, "What is wrong with you?" And she goes, "I like the look on their faces.
 We do things differently out there. The coach is practicing without a ball.
 Now, everyone else heard that as instruction. My daughters hear it and start laughing their brand new tits off.
 No one speaks English over there. We gotta wait for Pikachu to go.
 I put that shit on Facebook! Of course, the whole night, anytime a black guy walked by, I was like, "Nerd alert."
 And I learned a very valuable lesson that night. If you call your wife a cunt in public, no matter how hard she tries to stop it, she immediately becomes one.
 And then started choking and I was like, "Oh shit, I killed him." He pulls his shit together, grabs me by the arm, and he goes, "Do that the whole flight."
 He goes, "They got caught smoking marijuana last night. So you sit in between them, and if they start screwing around, you stop it."
 "You know I got a lighter. You wanna wake up this little white kid?"
 Now, first up, who in here parties?" I thought we were all gonna put our hands up.
 "Hell yeah! We call him Double Dribble."
 He always looked like. A guy who worked in a little office with the roof leaked.
 I jerk off. You know, I decided to switch the mike hand.
 And the Bolshoi Ballet. And doctor Zhivago and the crew of the Red October.
 It looked like somebody raped Mrs. Potato Head and left it all over the place.
 She was like, "I can never do that with my laptop. That would be rude."
 Too old, too famous to have roommates. Not sure where the joke was there.
 Bands come through town on tour, so we invite them to stay with us." Eww.
 You guys are all over that 4G line. Huh?
 I forgot. Oh yeah, I remember.
 He was very confused. He was going, "What do I do here?
 You know where you take it, the adoption agency. Adopt yourself a little cutie pie, go for a spin.
 Went on Yelp. I found a review of a place, where they said, "The baristas here are presumptuous."
 It looks like someone else is in the coffee business too. Huh?
 Oh, my God. Solid.
 At a sports bar. Holy shit.
 Unemployed. All right.
 You work for a record label? Oh my God.
 Dark Folk. Holy shit.
 David Lynch? My favorite singer.
 Perfectly timed. Just as a guy was asking if they sold sausages.
 Taking a little walk. "Hello, Hunan Palace?
 Some people say, "But I put it in a bowl of dry rice after." Oh, the way a surgeon preps his scalpels.
 Really? Never?
 What came up? An app called "Huge Clock".
 "Alright. Half the bar money."
 Right? "I am hauling a big load of amazing jokes from town to town."
 Some guy writes back immediately. "The cops killed a guy there a year ago."
 She goes, "Let me look it up." "Oh, the  bedspread ."
 Open up the suitcase, baby. Is there room for a king size bedspread in there?
 "even when you know that more is on the way." Hey.
 "Urgent but not desperate." Anyone who is urgent and not desperate, not reading this.
 Go ahead, go get her." As soon as she left, I took off.
 Cannibals say human flesh tastes of chicken so babies must too. And chickens taste of humans.
 Boom! "Thank you, Grandad."
 You know that call. "You shoulda hung out, man."
 Skittles? Would you like a skittle?"
 "Damn, I got to get the hell out of here. What was I thinking?"
 Am I right? Oh, yeah.
 Well, how did it happen? "Well, I like a lot of Taffy.
 Tomorrow is another day." Who comes swimming up the toilet?
  Have you ever played that game? Okay.
 Two men enter, one man leave. There can be only one highlander.
 Why is the klan still having meetings? Is there any new business with the ku klux klan?
 Da Bears. Whoo!
 Me pega Wonder Woman. No, no."
 Get up here. Come on."
 "You have peaked as a human being. Believe me."
 He is. "Listen, he has no head."
 Is that it? Is that all the challenge you want in your life?
 The past is also something she has made her own. What actually happened, who is responsible, how the crime shall be remembered.
 There were power surges in the infrastructure. Now, you wake up and go, "Take the anal wall paper away, I just want some Weetabix please."
 A man gets hold of a piece of information, he thinks, "Hahaha, I have an advantage over everybody!" He curls into a ball and dies there on that spot.
 Boom! She goes on fire.
 "Nobody told me I was marrying fissile material. "What are you burning in there?"
 So that person is left going, "Who is that amazing woman, wow!" Try that as a man.
 I went down to the book shop and I read a little bit standing there. It was called  Fifty Shades of Grey .
 How could I be? Some of my best friends are slags.
 He had died? You should have mentioned that sooner.
 Of course, not all fat people are jolly. Some of them are women.
 I told it the other night and a girl got up and walked out. Well, waddled out.
 You love that book! I would describe  Fifty Shades Of Grey  as the ultimate flick book.
 Half the year, five hours a day. Whew!
 I used to go out with a teacher and she was lovely. But if ever I wanted sex, she always insisted I put my hand up first.
 Unless you moisturise a lot. Where are you from?
 Are you in the witness relocation scheme? What the fuck happened?
 Has to be in confidence though." I said, "You can trust me."
 Who are you in a relationship with? Your My Little Pony?
 Morning fanny. Who knew?
 There are men out there going, "I just wanted to fucking try it. Shut up."
 Do you want to know the secret to the perfect hand job? Use your mouth.
 Is this racist? Do Chinese people have Guess Who?
 Class? Have you ever done it in your life since?
 And then a little bell goes off, and I know cargo pant day is here at last. And I dance.
 I just got it yesterday. It means love and water."
 Circus tent. Big circus tent.
 Yeah, you might have called it something completely different, but it meant the same thing. You were poor.
 And you can do it, too. And it is a lot cheaper.
 I like to have a little fun. Go ahead.
 I was at the airport a couple days ago, and this guy came outta nowhere. And he just beat me up."
 Have you ever been punched in the nose? Oh, my gosh, it hurts so bad.
 If i was a boxer, you know who i would hire for my corner man? My mom.
 What would Jesus do? So i lit him on fire and sent him to hell.
 Fuck you. Shit.
 Fuck you. Shit.
 Ha! After the motherfuck we got, come on, now.
 Mr. President."
 President, the kitchen called and they said they serve other things besides wings, Mr. President.
 And now she going to jail, but I bet she keep her panties on in jail. I bet you that.
 If you owe a motherfucker that much money, just die. Fuck that shit.
 Try new AstroDrawers. For the woman on the go with no place to do it."
 She invited the woman he was fucking to go skydiving. And like a dumbass, she went.
 "Hm! Take this note."
 Hi! Look at me going backwards and forwards to annoy the cameramen.
 "Wiz bang! Ten points to Gryffindor."
 Actually, not even Germans. They have to be Germans from the 1940s.
 I will. Somebody on Twitter said, "Craig, that facial hair makes your mouth look like a horizontal threadbare vagina."
 I used to have to work at monologues. Now this fucker runs for president?
 He was like, "Yeah. Makes you look  like a magician ."
 Big salty wet tears falling down. But unfortunately, the Last Vegas Police Department have seen a grown man cry before.
 This guy says, "Will you accept a call from The Last Vegas City Jail?" I was like, "You bet I will!
 It turned out the judge was not only a judge. He also represented magicians.
 I went, "Fuck it, Judge. Hang him."
 Not to escape the violence, and Sectarian hatred. You get used to that.
 And then, in the center of the room, there was the  pi?ce de résistance . Which of course, as you know, is French for "piece of resistance."
 So, it looked like the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse coming at you from some sort of dangerous volcano. It was impossible to do drugs off of that table.
 Truth. No, save your energy, vegans.
 For me, the big one of course is  alcohol . If I drink alcohol, I have an allergic reaction, which manifests itself in a craving for more alcohol.
 Yeah, we showed him." Let me just point out, it was not me that did that.
 Like, "Oh! Oh, my God."
 Yeah. It is.
 And he was like, "Yeah. The place is empty.
 Check the sheets. They were nylon.
 We were kissing. It was a really strange phone call.
 If you can do that, I can do that." Probably not.
 Cracker, mick, kraut, polack, frog, guinea, wop, honky. Have fun.
 All right." So, you know.
 I see that guy!" Like that.
 And he tackled the white guy. So instinctively, I just went, "Get him!"
 And you forget. You forget the struggle that we all went through at one time.
 "Chill out." "All right."
 A few years later, I asked again, "You ever kill anybody?" And he goes, "I threw grenades into bunkers."
 And the guy goes, "Whoa.  Are you Japanese? "
 So many buttons. I tried all of them."
 "Okay. Are the US Marshals gonna back you up on this shit right now?"
 And some of them were like, "Fuck you." Imagine your heroes being like, "Fuck you."
 And my dad loves you." He said Pacman looked at him and he said, "Tell that motherfucker I appreciate him."
 "Tell that motherfucker I appreciate it. And he goes, "What the hell did you just say to me right now?"
 "Are you gonna go jerk off all over your hotel room now?" And I was like, "Ugh."
 And she goes, "Yeah, why do you say that?" And I said, "Let me tell you a little story.
 You can put in a quarter." And I go, "Yeah, I got it."
 Okay. Sure.
 I see it. I can see it right now."
 I was like, "Pfft. Check this shit out.
 I go, "Dude, test my vision." And he goes, "You should get a prostate exam."
 And I go, "Get it the fuck out. Now."
  Disabilities  are not. But some are.
 But they wake up speaking their native language with a foreign accent. Very funny.
 Why? You fall in love with a miniature version of you.
 And then you go, "Fuck today." And you go back to sleep.
 That moment is now over. See?
 I clear the bed. The dogs can watch, but nobody else, you know.
 Do you like them?" And I go, "Yes."
 And I go, "Hey. Tom Segura."
 They have "birthday." Then they have "birthday, humorous."
 So I gotta go up there, man. I ran upstairs.
 Jesus turns to me and takes a chance. Says, "Amigo, te gusta chichis negra?"
 That was lovely! One whoo and one woman, "No!"
 "Sorry, I need new material for my DVD." "If one of you could dress up as a clown and rape him, "that would really finish this bit."
 This bloke went, "God told me to do it." Apparently a bloke sat in his pyjamas went, "l said no such thing!"
 "Would you rather have like a chocolate face or bread for feet?" "Russell, if you had no arms and no legs but really long anal hair, "would you lower it down over the side of a cliff if l was in peril?"
 All of a sudden my friend Tom leaps into the room and I am well and truly saved. Because, evidently, this creative little weirdo had found some boot polish.
 Thank you, baby." "No, thank you."
 This might be it. This might be the last time.
 I love you. See you when you get home."
 Get out there and buck! Get out there and buck, boy!"
 We was like, "God damn! What kind of shit is that?"
 Can I go in there with you?" She was like, "Hell, no, son!"
 Good to see you." "Oh, man, God damn!"
 Kidnapper? When we gonna eat?"
 Kids do it all the time. They just come up to you like this.
 Shit! Did you smell his breath?
 I am a black Arab. Oh, shit!
 Who had those church shoes on, on my back? Look at his shoes."
 Hell no! Go buy some blue stingray boots!
 Then, not long ago, I was reading this magazine article where somebody claimed that there was a shortage of sophisticated people in this country. Which I took to mean there was an abundance of people like me.
 Like, sophisticated people invest their money in stock portfolios. Rednecks invest our money in  commemorative plates .
 Rednecks? We have yard sales.
 Those are Tupperware lids that have been warped in the dishwasher. Eight for a dime.
 I do that a lot. Walk around the house, "somebody stole the remote control!"
 You know what she bought me for Christmas this year? A  portable  safe !
 You ever seen people who have like a piece of crap Pinto with a Club on the steering wheel. Somebody breaks the window, steals the Club, leaves the Pinto in a pile of glass.
 To pour lava hot scalding wax on her inner thighs. And then the two of them chatted for a little while until the wax had dried, and then the women grabbed the wax and YANKED the hair out.
 You people are killing me! Unplug something!"
 Yeah, I remember that ticket I give you. Fourteen million bucks, eh?
 "Okay, okay, okay, okay. Calm down."
 Go to dinner. Go to bed, loser.
 Did you see how long he had to ride a bike for? I take an Adderall just to clean my apartment.
 I got back to Chicago last night and a guy said, "Well how would you describe the prison scene?" and I said, "Baby, just wall to wall us."
 Like, it just be a dead baby. Can you imagine smoking and rationalizing?
 You need to go check yourself." You judge me.
 "Aw, come on! Stop me!"
 Look at this. Fucking shit kid."
 And it turned out that Simon was three months younger than Hank. And I turned and I looked at my fucking idiot son.
 Turns out that tortoises just live on the land, and turtles live in the water and on the land. Simon taught me that!
 You see how I look like Mummy now? Yeah, yeah."
 It was shown on CNN as news. And it was shown on Fox for different reasons.
 Seven. Very manageable.
 And that was until I gave my opinion on the Second Amendment. Fuck me.
 Like, "See? It happens in every country.
 And, uh, I like the comedy of Aziz Ansari. I like it.
 Super simple argument. In Holland, you can smoke weed whilst fucking a hooker in front of a cop.
 How do you have the biggest porn industry in the world, and you still have illegal prostitution? Because it is legal to pay a woman for sex, but your friend Dave has to be in the corner with a camera.
 Well, I stand by it. He is a cunt.
 My mom was more like Nancy Grace. She would just make wild accusations all day long and wait for something to stick.
 Kids would make fun of me in middle school. Kids would call me a "china man", which of the racial slurs has got to be the laziest.
 Especially when you are supposed to do them. In terms of, like, instant relief, cancelling plans is like heroin.
 I walked into this party. Everyone I had even met was at this party, and everyone was drinking like it was the end of the world.
 You come and take me!" confidence, but white children.
 And he takes me into his bedroom and then he takes me into a side room off of his bedroom. Never a good thing to have.
 You know? Like a crime!"
 You get compliments when you put on weight. I had a woman come up to me after a show, and she said, "You are so smart to wear vertical stripes."
 Ten, so say the random gods. I award ten at this juncture for no apparent reason.
 Just going to barbecues. "Are we gonna be talking politics or having fun?
 I think when you hear that term, "boots on the ground," you assume that means soldiers in those boots. I say we drop a bunch of boots on them.
 This blew me away. Apparently, the  Israelis and Palestinians  are not getting along.
 I say we send a good dad over there. "What in the hell is going on over here?"
 "Should you guys be shooting rockets?" "Should they be building settlements?"
 You have the table, you have the coach or the athlete sitting at the table behind a microphone. So, they know about microphones.
 "Cigarette boat racing?" "You know it.
 And I was like, "Wow, what was the prize?" And they said the prize was  Tater Tots 1  for life.
 "What happens if this goes in?" "Tater Tots for life."
 Sitting in the dugout. Pinstripes this far apart.
 Wonderful man. So is my mom.
 Means nothing. Especially to the cop that pulled us over.
 I was with him, and the doctor walked in, "How you doing, Walt?" And he said, "Biddlyumbombowayday."
 He walks right past her. Biddlyumbombowayday.
 And I was like, "Okay." And my mom goes, "We just want you to know that we named you after Thomas Jefferson."
 And then I turned around and walked out. And my guess is he tells that story more often than I do.
 "Um, yeah. I was thinking swingy boot.
 "This has the makings of one of the best games in the world." Hey, wanna destroy a family?
 Those can destroy a family. But those take a while.
 Like an umbrella! An umbrella is at the beach when you get there!"
 Throw it in the trash. Somebody shut that toy factory down."
 So, the next line for the next ride I was on red alert. "Spread out, kids.
 I wish I had handled it differently. I wish when he stepped in front of me, I would have reached into the pockets of his cargo shorts and just pulled out his belongings and just hurled them.
 Aaron! Aaron!"
 Hop? Can anyone hop onto a motorcycle?
 Instead of stopping, he guns the gas. I go so far back, I feel my underwear waistband flip up.
 Deal with it, Brian." "Okay.
 He dunked. Yay.
 Shit, n i g g a. Come to my world.
 You know what they said? "what is he doing over there?"
 Hang!" They run out there And get killed, n i g g a.
 Really? All right.
 And I go, "what is it?" And she goes, "oh, never mind."
 And she goes, "yeah, but I only like to feel his eyelashes" against my butt cheeks." And I was like, "what?"
 I realized what to do when the  blizzard  last year was coming to New York City. And just as a side note, when a blizzard or a hurricane is coming to anywhere in the United States, every weather person must be given a rabies shot.
 Great book!" And then she spoke.
 Lactating woman, not funny. Lactating German woman, ha ha ha ha.
 Bam bam bam! Reload, bam!
 "Oh, his name is Jesus. From Nazareth."
 What did he do that was so great?" "What he did that was so great was, he told us to be nice to each other."
 We should cut each other." Makes no sense.
 like, "all right." when you give it a little distance, you go, "who writes letters to entire groups of people?"
 You want to know what it takes my black friends to fall asleep? A bite of a sandwich and a moment of silence.
 "Hot 97." "All right, fair enough."
 Heard you got approved. Give me some love."
 "tax cuts." "all right."
 Geez. So, marriage is pretty much over, seems like?
 You eat the most obscure stuff in the world. Always like, "all I had for lunch today" was, like, a little bit of coconut water "and a handful of hummus."
 You think you can please your woman more than she can please herself to the idea of you? You know how much hotter you are in her head than you are in real life?
 He goes, "yeah, dude, I was with this girl last night, right?" So I whipped it out."
 2008 Barack Obama. You would have loved him.
 "Why am I not getting in the club? I got all the right shit on."
 with Mr. Weinstein."
 Could you imagine that shit? Could you imagine you was in a business meeting and a motherfucker pulled their dick out?
 Ever seen a gay dude at lunch? Perfect posture, they just sitting there.
 Then they take that thermos out. You be like, "What the fuck is that?"
 I need something to drink." "Shh."
 N i g g a, I am thirsty. I need some water."
 Jesus Christ, he must have been busting at the seams with that one. The saddest part is, if he were able to carry that secret for six more months, I would get to know how  House of Cards  ends.
 "No, bitch. I did not know."
 I was just jerking off in faces and cumming on my own stomach, having a good time. You know how this business is."
 One lady said, "Louis CK masturbated in front of me,  ruined my comedy dreams ." Word?
 Something, something, something. Barack Obama.
 Did my dream die? No.
 I was right at an orgy once. Nobody fucked me.
 "Little person!" I say to myself.
 Then I thought, "Holy shit. What if I had a pussy on me all the time?"
 He is. Just being big and black with that hairdo, n i g g a, these motherfuckers are a suspect for everything.
 I was gone for a long time, n i g g a. I was in the upside down.
 It makes three tons of cotton candy a day. You can have all the cotton candy you want.
 Act out Home Alone for my guest. " And the kids were like, "Man, you are all right, mister.
 We had you all wrong." "Hmm?
 Suck your dicks? Ooh, you faggot ass kids!
 This book is so heavy in the front and has a glossary of pimp terms, because the ideas are so foreign to the American ears. For instance, do you know what the phrase "mileage on a ho" means?
 Circus? This bitch is losing it.
 The smart ones made it to California. But along the way, we lost a bunch of people.
 Three years ago, I bought a  Beetle . Not even thinking.
 I wanna die full. When the coroner cuts me up, I want the whole room to smell like potato wedges.
 Okay. What else?
 I knew him until I was about maybe four years old. And then apparently they got the band back together and he took off.
 I love them all, but, you know, hey, whatever. Not everybody can get a check.
 Two thousand. So for six years, you have successfully stalked me.
 Very traditional. My girlfriend was pregnant.
 Sorry about that. It was hard, man, because she had cable.
 And I saw they were cholos, you know what I mean? So I was, like, Take it, bitch!
 Here, kitty, kitty, kitty! Oh, kitty, kitty.
 Like, I start weather chats with people all the time now, like, ugh. I got off the plane here, and the guy that picks me up at the airport, I was like, "It rains a lot here, huh?"
 But when you leave it in? Dude.
 All right. Pretty sure you can cut hair with a gut."
 "And I go, is this SEAL school? What are we doing right now?"
 The Holy Spirit." "What?"
 "Where do you strip at?" "Beef."
 See you later, dumdum. All right."
 Was he disabled? Severely.
 Are you a doctor?" And I go, "Look at me."
 I said, "I think we just established that none of us are doctors. How about you kill those lights so we can go back to sleep?"
 And I was like, "I know, I was just playing. Gah."
 Okay? He has a bowl cut.
 Stealing." And he goes, "The fuck you took?"
 And I go, "Stop selling drugs!" And I drive off.
 That sounds scary." Well, yeah.
 Like, it gets so small, and it leans to the left. So my dick is like, "What did you say?"
 They fucking hate you. A lot.
 And I was like, "No." "Yeah."
 And he goes, "How do you know that?" And I said, "My dad told me."
 He is not gay." And I go, "What is happening right now?"
 They should be allowed to kill babies. Yeah.
 "Hey, what about ISIS?" "Kill yourself."
 We give them this responsibility when we fuck them. We go, "Here, you decide what to do with this shit."
 "None of your business. Go back to bed."
 Yes. Christ!
 "Jesus plus two, Jesus plus three, Jesus plus four." Jesus plus 2017 years, four months and three days is when your license expires.
 I mean, infinity." "Those go backwards."
 "But, otherwise, no." So, you take this random dog and just put it in your house with your family, and watch their personality unfold.
 "Please send us money so that this can stop." Are you beating up the dogs?
 Try holding a baby by the heel and dipping it in a river. You will never see that baby again.
 I was proud of her. But at the same time, I thought, "Who the fuck are you to judge this woman?"
 He could have just wore a big shoe and be careful. But he goes out in sandals, fucking flip flops.
 She ruined it." Fuck you, Achilles, you Greek dick.
 She did her job. She raised you, and it killed her.
 "Excuse me. What did you just walk up and say to me just now?"
 And it said, "This is my latest draft. What do you think?"
 I mind very much." What the fuck do you think this is, Rachel?
 I knew I was a girl since I was 6 years old." And I read that, and I thought, "Why did you take my fucking date then?"
 You piece of shit! Fuck you, Jeff!
 The best dick ever. His dick has been soaking in olive oil since he was five years old.
 "He has the best dick, and you can suck it right now." "Well, let me see it."
 Oh. "I just wanted to wear your jacket."
 How about holding the steering wheel with two hands. How does that sound?
 Whoop. Boop."
 No, recalculating. When it is safe, Mickey."
 This is never good. This never turns into friendship.
 I was like, "You say that, but I mean, you know. Come on, you know."
 Like there was a chance my answer could be, "Yes. And next stop, Disney World."
 And it was by far the most tense flight I have ever been on. I coughed once.
 He scans the passenger opposite me, moves to my aisle, looks at me, looks at my name, looks back at me. And then he just shrugs and walks away.
 Probably something that changed my life forever, charming racism. Classic American charming racism.
 Or be American and be charming. I discovered  charming racism  in a place called  Lexington, Kentucky .
 A classic Southern belle. She had long, big blond hair, giant boobs.
 You can be like, "Remember that fat asshole "said we should fuck tonight? That guy was obnoxious, if you ask me."
 I leave a little room on the side so you can see, like, an apartment building or something in the distance to give it some depth and perspective. But never in my life would I show you how small my dick looks against my giant fucking body.
 You jump off a bridge or something more hilariously small dick related, but you do not press forward in life with a pinkie dick. You girls are laughing.
 Put the lights down. Their faces creep me out.
 This is your moment. Who said it?
 Compared to who, the Amish? Am I the only person that blames global warming entirely on the Amish?
 "You thought this was where I was gonna get serious? High school, how did you do it?"
 That being said, I have a few. Every year on my birthday, I get a small dash on my inner thigh where my balls currently hang.
 Yeah, I just hope when parents let their kids run around in number 24 jerseys, they have the decency to be like, "oh, come on. Number eight was the rapist.

